<!DOCTYPE composition PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<ui:composition 
	xmlns:aries="http://aries.org/jsf"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
				
	<aries:panel
		width="auto"
		height="auto"
		backgroundColor="inherit">

		<aries:formPane 
			width="auto"
			height="auto"
			margin="10px"
			columns="3"
			columnClass="width20pct"
			backgroundColor="inherit">
			
			<aries:panel 
				width="auto" 
				margin="0px" 
				backgroundColor="inherit">

				<aries:p fontSize="13">
				Custom software is now indispensable for business growth and competitive differentiation.
				</aries:p>

				<aries:h4 value="Application Design" />
				<aries:p fontSize="13">
				</aries:p>

				<aries:h4 value="Application Development" />
				<aries:p fontSize="13">
				     Application Systems
				        -Ranging from straight-forward standalone database applications to more complex distributed applications.
				        -Users specify, using plain-english, data elements, services and interactions.  Our generation engine
				        reads the specification and produces fully structured and executable java-based application systems
				        and user-interfaces.
				        
				     User-Interfaces
				        -Web UI
				        -Mobile UI
				        -Desktop UI
				</aries:p>

				<aries:h4 value="Management of Data" />
				<aries:p fontSize="13">
				Standalone 
				</aries:p>

				<aries:h4 value="Management of Big Data" />
				<aries:p fontSize="13">
				Handling of Big Data 
				</aries:p>

				<aries:h4 value="Application Migration" />
				<aries:p fontSize="13">
				</aries:p>

				<aries:h4 value="Applications for Public Cloud" />
				<aries:p fontSize="13">
				</aries:p>

				<aries:h4 value="Applications for Hybrid Cloud" />
				<aries:p fontSize="13">
					One aspect of a hybrid cloud is that it allows enterprises to easily add public 
					resources during times of high demand or service outage. 
				</aries:p>
				
				<aries:h4 value="Private Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS)" />
				<aries:p fontSize="13">
					Most enterprises today are moving forward with private cloud plans and are implementing hybrid cloud.
					Different environments are not only spread across remote locations, but also among external and internal hosting.
					Organizations may also divide each of the different resources by use cases, such as dev/test, staging, and production.
					The ECOS approach can help enterprises combine resources across all clouds into a single, logical resource pool and 
					apply flexible, powerful application deployment policies
					
					
					A private Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) managed by an organization's 
					IT empowers development by giving them the freedom and simplicity 
					of a self-service, policy-driven PaaS that overlays both IT and 
					public cloud.
				</aries:p>
				
				<aries:h5 value="Integration of technologies" />
				<aries:p fontSize="13">
				</aries:p>
			</aries:panel>

			<aries:panel width="auto" marginLeft="10px" backgroundColor="inherit">
				<aries:h4 value="Faster Time to Market " />
				<aries:p fontSize="13">
				</aries:p>
				<aries:p fontSize="13">
				</aries:p>
			</aries:panel>

			<aries:panel width="auto" marginLeft="10px" backgroundColor="inherit">
				<aries:h5 value="Cross-cutting Benefits" />
				<aries:p fontSize="13">
				</aries:p>

				<aries:h5 value="Faster Time to Market " />
				<aries:p fontSize="13">
					If an application takes 4 months to develop, the typical total time to 
					market still averages 6 to 8 months, an increase of 50% to 100% over 
					actual development time. 
				</aries:p>
				<aries:p fontSize="13">
					Minor changes to the application, new releases or necessary 
					infrastructure updates, can each take just as long, adding 
					significant cost.
				</aries:p>
				<aries:p fontSize="13">
					A primary cause of these unfortunate profiles is the lack of architectural
					conformity between different applications created by the different teams. 
					Each application ends up having different expectations and configuration needs.
				</aries:p>
				<aries:p fontSize="13">
					ECOS offers a solution that establishes architecture conformity across all 
					different applications - bringing each of them into the cloud in a 
					uniform way.
					TODO..
				</aries:p>
			</aries:panel>
		</aries:formPane>
	</aries:panel>
</ui:composition>
