<!DOCTYPE composition PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<ui:composition 
	xmlns:aries="http://aries.org/jsf"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
				
	<aries:panel
		width="auto"
		height="auto"
		backgroundColor="inherit">

		<aries:formPane 
			width="auto"
			height="auto"
			margin="10px"
			columns="3"
			columnClass="width20pct"
			backgroundColor="inherit">
			
			<aries:panel 
				width="auto" 
				margin="0px" 
				backgroundColor="inherit">

				<aries:h3 value="The ARIEL Language" />
				
				<aries:p fontSize="13">
					ARIEL stands for ARchitectural Integration and Execution Language.
					ARIEL is a programming language for designing computer systems.
					ARIEL allows one to build distributed applications and processes.
					model the structure
					 
					The ARIEL language is based on a mathematical formalism known as the pi-calculus. 
					The language features a simple easily-readable graphical notation for modeling 
					a wide range of distributed entities and interactions.
					ARIEL can be used to model systems of arbitrary size and complexity 
					by allowing in an incremental approach by directly composing subsystems 
					of other simpler subsystems.
				</aries:p>

				<aries:h4 value="Who will use ARIEL?" />
				<aries:p fontSize="13">
					Typically a team of people would be responsible for developing and managing the ARIEL.
					It is recommended that team members include different people such as managers 
					as well as the primary developers. 
				</aries:p>

				<aries:h4 value="Pi Calculas" />
				<aries:p fontSize="13">
				</aries:p>

				<aries:h4 value="Hybrid Cloud Implementations" />
				<aries:p fontSize="13">
				One aspect of a hybrid cloud is that it allows enterprises to easily add public 
				resources during times of high demand or service outage. 
				</aries:p>
				
				<aries:h4 value="Private Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS)" />
				<aries:p fontSize="13">
					Most enterprises today are moving forward with private cloud plans and are implementing hybrid cloud.
					Different environments are not only spread across remote locations, but also among external and internal hosting.
					Organizations may also divide each of the different resources by use cases, such as dev/test, staging, and production.
					The ECOS approach can help enterprises combine resources across all clouds into a single, logical resource pool and 
					apply flexible, powerful application deployment policies
					
					
					A private Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) managed by an organization's 
					IT empowers development by giving them the freedom and simplicity 
					of a self-service, policy-driven PaaS that overlays both IT and 
					public cloud.
				</aries:p>
				
				<aries:h5 value="Integration of technologies" />
				<aries:p fontSize="13">
				</aries:p>
			</aries:panel>

			<aries:panel width="auto" marginLeft="10px" backgroundColor="inherit">
				<aries:h4 value="Faster Time to Market " />
				<aries:p fontSize="13">
				</aries:p>
				<aries:p fontSize="13">
				</aries:p>
			</aries:panel>

			<aries:panel width="auto" marginLeft="10px" backgroundColor="inherit">
				<aries:h5 value="Cross-cutting Benefits" />
				<aries:p fontSize="13">
				</aries:p>

				<aries:h5 value="Faster Time to Market " />
				<aries:p fontSize="13">
					If an application takes 4 months to develop, the typical total time to 
					market still averages 6 to 8 months, an increase of 50% to 100% over 
					actual development time. 
				</aries:p>
				<aries:p fontSize="13">
					Minor changes to the application, new releases or necessary 
					infrastructure updates, can each take just as long, adding 
					significant cost.
				</aries:p>
				<aries:p fontSize="13">
					A primary cause of these unfortunate profiles is the lack of architectural
					conformity between different applications created by the different teams. 
					Each application ends up having different expectations and configuration needs.
				</aries:p>
				<aries:p fontSize="13">
					ECOS offers a solution that establishes architecture conformity across all 
					different applications - bringing each of them into the cloud in a 
					uniform way.
					TODO..
				</aries:p>
			</aries:panel>
		</aries:formPane>
	</aries:panel>
</ui:composition>
